<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:s="http://jboss.org/seam/faces"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
    xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui"
    template="layout/template.xhtml">




    <ui:remove><!--*************************************************************
    *    TITLE
    *************************************************************************-->
    </ui:remove>
    <ui:define name="title">
        Page Title
    </ui:define>


    <ui:remove><!--*************************************************************
    *    BODY
    *************************************************************************-->
    </ui:remove>
    <ui:define name="body">
    
    
    
        <rich:panel header="This is the panel header ">
        
            <h:panelGrid columns="2">
                <h:graphicImage value="#{resource['img/logos/seamlogo.png']}" alt="Seam logo" />
                <div class="info">
                    <p><strong>Your seam-gen project is deployed!</strong> Here are
                    some of the features this project provides:</p>
                    <ul class="bullets">
                        <li>Ant build script</li>
                        <li>Deployment to JBoss AS (EAR or WAR)</li>
                        <li>Development and production profiles</li>
                        <li>Integration testing using TestNG and Embedded JBoss</li>
                        <li>JavaBean or EJB 3.0 Seam components</li>
                        <li>JPA entity classes</li>
                        <li>A configurable DataSource and JPA EntityManager</li>
                        <li>Templated Facelets views</li>
                        <li>RichFaces panels and tables</li>
                        <li>Default CSS stylesheet</li>
                        <li>Internationalization support</li>
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </h:panelGrid>
        </rich:panel>
      
      
        <rich:tabPanel switchType="client">
        <rich:tab header="Overview">
        RichFaces is a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for 
        easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications.
        <ul> 
                <li>100+ AJAX enabled components in two libraries</li>
                <li>a4j: page centric AJAX controls</li>
                <li>rich: self contained, ready to use components</li>
                <li>Whole set of JSF benefits while working with AJAX</li>
                <li>Skinnability mechanism</li>
                <li>Component Development Kit (CDK)</li>
                <li>Dynamic resources handling</li>
                <li>Testing facilities for components, actions, listeners, and
                pages</li>
                <li>Broad cross-browser support</li>
                <li>Large and active community</li>
            </ul>
        </rich:tab>
        <rich:tab header="JSF 2 and RichFaces 4">
            <p>We are working hard on RichFaces 4.0 which will have full JSF
            2 integration. That is not all though, here is a summary of updates
            and features:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Redesigned modular repository and build system.</li>
                <li>Simplified Component Development Kit with annotations,
                faces-config extensions, advanced templates support and more..</li>
                <li>Ajax framework improvements extending the JSF 2
                specification.</li>
                <li>Component review for consistency, usability, and redesign
                following semantic HTML principles where possible.</li>
                <li>Both server-side and client-side performance optimization.</li>
                <li>Strict code clean-up and review.</li>
            </ul>
        </rich:tab>
    </rich:tabPanel>      
      
      
       <p:panel header="F.C. Barcelona" footer="Visca el Barca!">  
        <h:outputText value="FC Barcelona is one of only three clubs never to have been relegated from La Liga and is the most successful club in Spanish football along with Real Madrid,  
        having won twenty La Liga titles, a record twenty-five Spanish Cups, eight Spanish Super Cups, four Eva Duarte Cups and two League Cups.  
        They are also one of the most successful clubs  in European football having won fourteen official major trophies in total,  
        including ten UEFA competitions. They have won three UEFA Champions League titles, a record four UEFA Cup Winners' Cups,  
        a record three InterCities Fairs Cups (the forerunner to the UEFA Europa League), three UEFA Super Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup.  
        The club is also the only European side to have played continental football in every season since its inception in 1955." />  
       </p:panel>
       
       <p:panel id="pnl" header="About Barca" toggleable="true" closable="true" toggleSpeed="500" closeSpeed="2000" widgetVar="panel">  
    
          <h:outputText value="FC Barcelona is one of only three clubs never to have been relegated from La Liga and is the most successful club in Spanish football along with Real Madrid,  
                  having won twenty La Liga titles, a record twenty-five Spanish Cups, eight Spanish Super Cups, four Eva Duarte Cups and two League Cups.  
                  They are also one of the most successful clubs  in European football having won fourteen official major trophies in total,  
                  including ten UEFA competitions. They have won three UEFA Champions League titles, a record four UEFA Cup Winners' Cups,  
                  a record three InterCities Fairs Cups (the forerunner to the UEFA Europa League), three UEFA Super Cups and one FIFA Club World Cup.  
                  The club is also the only European side to have played continental football in every season since its inception in 1955." />  
    
          <f:facet name="options">  
              <p:menu>  
                  <p:submenu label="Settings">  
                      <p:menuitem value="Toggle" url="#" icon="/images/update.png"/>  
                      <p:menuitem value="Remove" url="#" icon="/images/delete.png"/>  
                  </p:submenu>  
              </p:menu>  
          </f:facet>  
      </p:panel>  

    
    

<h1>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet</h1>
 consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras aliquet mattis est,
 non suscipit purus pulvinar a. In convallis aliquet ante, eget auctor nisl
 ornare id. Vestibulum volutpat, sapien eget eleifend lobortis, justo est
 dignissim lacus, eget porta justo augue sed est. Suspendisse porttitor ultrices
 turpis eu aliquet. Etiam et velit sed arcu vehicula rutrum eu eu tellus.
 
<h2>Duis ac magna vel arcu luctus congue</h2>
 Cras ultricies accumsan dapibus. Donec
 eget tortor ligula. Integer vulputate velit at dui venenatis eget scelerisque
 tortor gravida. Donec nec risus nibh, in feugiat velit. Ut commodo commodo
 varius. Pellentesque vestibulum, velit eu eleifend condimentum, erat lorem
 sollicitudin arcu, a faucibus arcu metus eget magna. Morbi porta lacus sapien,
 quis porttitor urna.
 
 
<h3>Donec placerat imperdiet mi</h3> 
 Quis porta velit ullamcorper vel. Praesent
 scelerisque, justo vel scelerisque semper, nibh ante tincidunt tortor, vel
 pretium dui erat a leo.


<h4>Fusce massa diam, cursus a facilisis commodo</h4>
Fringilla in urna. Praesent id
arcu vel diam aliquet ultricies a eget diam. In tellus tortor, vestibulum sit
amet eleifend vel, vulputate ac risus. Vivamus dictum ligula sed mi semper non
tempus arcu fringilla. Pellentesque a eros nec orci molestie egestas. Mauris sit
amet leo erat, porttitor gravida arcu. Suspendisse urna orci, euismod et
imperdiet eu, sollicitudin eget nisl. Nam sit amet massa in urna vestibulum
pretium. Morbi venenatis, dolor nec placerat ornare, lacus nunc porttitor odio,
eget condimentum dolor turpis nec odio. Pellentesque consequat eros vel eros
vulputate volutpat. Suspendisse pellentesque facilisis tortor eget tristique.


<h5>Curabitur pretium consequat scelerisque</h5>
Praesent volutpat lacinia lacinia.
Morbi ac lacus dolor, a suscipit felis. Ut non tincidunt nulla. In bibendum
mauris ut nisi vulputate et tempus tortor vestibulum. Nam elementum tristique
semper. Aliquam gravida, augue a sollicitudin sodales, risus ipsum molestie
lorem, et pulvinar orci purus bibendum eros. Donec quam purus, laoreet nec
aliquet id, porttitor vel nibh. Praesent egestas gravida ipsum laoreet vestibulum.


<h6>Ut nec nisi sapien, et porta eros</h6>
Sed non urna velit. Sed placerat sapien metus.
Aenean mauris urna, egestas nec varius vitae, vehicula eget risus. Proin vel
consectetur justo. Etiam ornare arcu sed ante scelerisque consequat. Cras
malesuada, erat non venenatis cursus, libero nisi facilisis nibh, ut venenatis
urna nisl at felis.


Aliquam consequat urna id magna vulputate tempus. In urna
quam, hendrerit tincidunt mattis dictum, malesuada vitae nisl. Nunc eget nulla
turpis, ac porta neque. Nunc velit sem, accumsan eu venenatis ut, eleifend id
massa. Phasellus a elit odio, vitae ultricies mi. Etiam sem risus, sagittis sed
tincidunt accumsan, egestas a odio. Phasellus est urna, sollicitudin ut facilisis
eu, luctus tristique nisi. Proin gravida rhoncus purus, non semper tortor egestas
eget. Curabitur suscipit sodales augue, sit amet ultricies magna elementum nec.
Ut tincidunt pretium lorem, non lobortis odio viverra et. Nam at ligula metus.
Ut dolor arcu, pellentesque a pharetra nec, pellentesque vel felis. Phasellus
eros est, elementum ut suscipit sit amet, malesuada ac mauris. Quisque luctus
convallis enim, sed eleifend felis egestas in.

    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>